Add static umap analysis w/large sampling (#5)
WayScience/pediatric_cancer_atlas_analysis: 1.exploratory_data_analysis/static_UMAP_analysis/README.md

# Preliminary exploratory analysis

In this module, we perform EDA (exploratory data analysis) using the pilot morphology data that we have extracted.
Current analysis includes:

> 1. [Single-cell UMAPs](./0.UMAP_embeddings.ipynb): We generate UMAP embeddings per plate where we subsample ~10,000 cells that is balanced across cell lines and stratified by seeding density.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Single-cell UMAPs](./0.UMAP_embeddings.ipynb): We generate UMAP embeddings with ~10,000 cells per plate by performing equal-size stratified sampling across cell line and seeding density.
```

Author: Updated! 👍
